---
slug: why
title: Why I Started Trading
abstract: The posting of big profits with luxury cars and the life style these gurus was selling..
---

When I first started in forex, I thought it would be easy to make money. The stories of big profits, combined with my excitement, led me to dive in headfirst. 

I studied all the popular strategies, believing I was on the path to quick success. But soon, reality hit hard. I found myself losing trade after trade, leaving me frustrated and exhausted. I began to doubt if trading was even for me.

It wasn’t a lack of effort, I was working hard, spending countless hours analyzing charts, trying to recover my losses through impulsive trades. But the more I tried, the more I lost. The harder I pushed, the further success seemed to slip away.

---

**The Turning Point**

My breakthrough came when I decided to take a step back. Instead of chasing quick wins, I realized that I needed a structured approach. The lack of a solid strategy, poor risk management, and emotional decisions were at the root of my losses. So, I returned to the basics, focusing on building a strategy rooted in consistency and discipline.

I studied the pros, observing how banks and institutions traded. From there, I honed my technical analysis skills, incorporated risk management techniques to protect my capital, and created a strategy that was repeatable and reliable.

---

**Results Came with Patience**

It didn’t happen overnight, but slowly, things began to change. The losses I once faced started turning into profits. My account, which was wiped out many times, began to recover those losses. 

I was no longer chasing massive gains. Instead, I focused on small, consistent wins, the kind of results that could be sustained in the long term.

---

**Sharing My Strategy**

Now, I want to share that strategy with you. If you’ve been losing money in forex, I know exactly how you feel. I’ve been there. But it doesn’t have to stay that way. In this online book, 

I’ll take you through the exact approach that turned my trading around and show you how to move from losses to consistent wins.

